Fredrik shut up hi have you ever
murdered someone but didn't want to
spend the rest of your life in prison
well I know I have so I'm going to teach
you how you can get away with it let's
go step one make sure the person is
actually dead sometimes the person you
think is dead is either just sleeping or
extremely drunk first you should ask him
if they are dead excuse me are you
actually dead huh almost please please
bring amber lamps he's dead all right
good step to tamper with the evidence
now that the person is dead the clock is
ticking throw the cops off by planting
some fake evidence and clues like some
armpit hair whale semen or a black guy
so what no good step 3 get rid of the
body now that you've got the fun part
out of the way it's time for the real
word dumping a body into a river flame
and unoriginal and throwing it into a
woodchipper is too messy a few good ways
to get rid of a body are throwing it in
front of a car
hmm cram it in your oven unless you're a
girl and you actually use that thing or
put it in a black guy's car step 4 tie
up any loose ends if anyone finds out
about the murder take care of them and
start back at step one hey is it cool if
you guys don't mention this murder to
anyone oh then how about we go continue
this party in my party room go right on
in have fun
oh you can also try framing someone like
an angry co-worker your best friend or a
black guy yeah so Todd step 5 turn
yourself in if none of these methods
work you may have to face the
consequences and turn yourself in step
right yeah I knew all along that you're
the killer it's kids like you that make
this world a terrible place don't you
know that killing is never the answer
and you should face up to the
consequences of your part a session okay
I admit it I killed him gosh
it's all right you're safe now I got
that killer off the streets for a GAD
loses duisburg to see bloopers and an
essential step that will help you cover
up your murder click the link in the
description below thanks for subscribing
and if you don't owe murder you